Viggy 2

Micro

One subtheme of the vignette - Mac is grappling with the shady things you guys are doing

Anatar's dead, need to dispose of corpse
Crash course on ethics, esp for mac
"we're the good guys and will protect you. Now help me throw this corpse out of the airlock"
Different ways of trying to explain it out to mac

Could have some sort of chase scene, to establish that the crew is now on the run and being pursued. 

Eventually approach Savlian Matticus's planet, he's unlisted from bigcorp's database (maybe you helped him do this)

Arrive at planetary customs - need to make a choice 

Can either try your luck sneaking through/smuggling mac and yourselves on world, maybe bribing etc

Or you can try and cause a diversion and slip through - likely hurting someone or breaking something

Mac takes issue with either one

Find savlian matticus - Exchange pleasantries

He brings up some of the unethical stuff you did back in the day, stuff he was party to 
"ey yous getting soft Mozey"
Heckles you for taking mac : "no profit? Somethings wrong with ya, moze I knew would never steal and not want a payday outta it"
Treats mac very much like contraband, no real consideration of his feelings/thoughts.
Maybe some player choice about trying to downplay your older actions or say that you’ve changed, basically to stand up to him vs agreeing with him

Eventually get down to business - You want matticus to put a bunch of misinfo as to where you went. 
Can't fully erase you from the database, theyd know it was him and blow his operation but he can put reports saying moze went the opposite direction. Theyd have to investigate. Would buy a lot of time. By the time they realize its fake moze will have gotten a significant lead
In return he wants you to do his clandestine dirty work

Frontier planet, generally rural communities and developing villages.
Matticus is security chief for the frontier expansion co, why he has access to the bigcorp database
While hes very much in bed with organized crime, he's on the take from all sides
Outskirts town got hit by a flood (or other disaster) but they were light on their envelope for protection money (didnt pay enough), and also mouthed off to matticus the last time. 
He wants you to teach them a lesson and blow up the emergency aid supply train.
He's losing money on this job, but "it's the principle of the matter. They need to be taught a lesson"

Player choice again - Crew discusses what they want to do
Mac does not approve, have to rationalize this stuff to him.
Matticus sends a guy with you to supervise

You go do the train mission
Eventually the conflict comes to a head, player choice on whether to do the operation as matticus wanted


Can blow up the train, but mac disapproves, will hurt people greatly. Mac is upset and trusts you less. You feel like you’ve done wrong. But now bigcorp and ama are on the wrong trail. You have some breathing room

Or refuse on ethics, but your escort will take issue, and you will likely need to subdue or kill him, which mac also wont like. Then you can either flee the planet and take your chances. He probably wont report you cause it would cause them to investigate his own shady business. Or you can extort Matticus into doing it anyway. Kidnap him and force him to put out the misinfo. Or if you want to get real scorched earth, you can force him to delete you from the database, giving you more time but tipping bigcorp onto him and getting him arrested (this might tip off ama)


Have to explain all of this to mac. He wants you to not do bad things



Macro 


Stream starts and you notice a much larger chat and viewer number already. Chat is moving faster than before. Have an opportunity to ask them how things are going (general streamer engagement stuff)

During the ethics decisions prior to meeting matticus, chat wants streamerman to pick the badguy option, reactable chat messages

Viewers arguing that they want to see badguy options, squeejieboy33 picked goodguy choices already. Also they sometimes argue logically why you should do the badguy things. This choice can be repeated a few times. 

When approaching the choice to rob the train or not, chat chimes in again. They really want you to blow up the train. Denying them this will make you lose viewers. You can try to respond in a way to keep some of them(maybe?)

After the game session, player talks with the mod. They talk about how the player either gained lots of viewers or lost lots of them. He illustrates that these people want the game to progress in a certain way, and listening to them will keep them around and inspire more people to keep tuning in, while ignoring them will make more people leave. 

Mod is rather neutral in all of this. Hes content one way or another, asks you what do you want to get out of this streaming experience? Are you trying to get big and make it? Trying to have fun and stream for friends/a small community?


email from the brother - he watched the last stream vod. Questions why you killed anatar, the end of your stream seems different. You got a whole lot of new viewers. This could be tinkered in any way we want, just needs to show that the brother is keeping up with the stream.


