
marshall epilogue

engineer "Thank goodness that's over. If I never make it back to Gibian V it'll be too soon."
pilot "I couldn't agree more! Although it felt good sticking it to Matticus like that."
pilot "Wish I coulda seen his face..."
"The meeting is interrupted by a ship intercom alert."
shipcom "Incoming call from Magistrate Savlian Matticus."
m "Be careful what you wish for."
m "Accept."
"Matticus appears on the ship computer. He is incensed."
smatt "You idiots! You don't know how much you just screwed me."
m "Sorry Sav I'm picking up some bullshit on this line, what was that?"
smatt "I should've known you didn't have the stomach for real work."
m "Real work like blowing up medicine for some bumpkins?"
smatt "Since when do you care about anyone but yourself Moze?!"
smatt "You've done worse. This wouldn't have even cracked your top ten!"
m "Is that it?"
"I hear Jennica snicker behind me."
smatt "Don't worry. You'll get yours. You think I got to where I am by letting people screw me over?"
m "Lose this channel Teresa."
engineer "With pleasure."
"The screen powers off."
pilot "Maybe we shouldnta added insult to injury?"
m "Maybe. But didn't that feel good?"
"Jennica smiles and chuckles warmly"
pilot "Like fresh underwear after a shower."
m "Alright, do you two have anything else to report?"
engineer "All systems are functional Captain."
pilot "Steady as she goes cap."
m "Good. I'll be in my quarters."
"I move to leave the briefing room when I feel a tug on my sleeve."
mac "May I ask a question?"
m "Of course MAC."
mac "I am confused about the nature of our mission? Why do we need to hide if we are good people?"

marshallepiloguechoice


choice 1 - the people in power are bad

m "Sometimes the people in power are bad, and to do good we need to hide from them."
mac "But we broke the law many times. How can we be doing good by breaking the law?"
m "I don't know MAC. The universe is more complicated than that."
m "If we didn't break the law, we might've gotten caught. And then a lot more innocent people would be hurt."
mac "I see. The universe is confusing."
m "Agreed."


choice 2 - the universe is bad and we cant trust anyone

m "The universe is a dangerous place. We can never know who's looking to stab us in the back."
m "Better to hide than risk that I'd say."
mac "But we broke the law many times. How can we be good if we contribute to the danger of the universe?"
m "The universe was dangerous before us and it'll be the same after we're gone. Following the rules won't change that."
m "We should focus on what we can change, instead of what we can't."
mac "I see. The universe is confusing."
m "No kidding."








outlaw epilogue

"The ship computer powers on."
shipcom "Incoming call from Magistrate Savlian Matticus."
m "Accept."
"Matticus appears on the ship computer."
smatt "Oh Moze. Its been so wonderful working with you again."
smatt "We have to catch up some time!"
"Jennica is visibly annoyed."
m "And your end of the deal?"
smatt "It's already done! As far as anyone is knows, the Oakley's doing a grand tour of the Mauritz nebula."
pilot "Make sure he's not lying Teresa."
"Teresa nods and begins typing on her computer."
smatt "Oh Jenn. You're a real ice queen."
smatt "So cold."
"Matticus mimes himself shivering."
engineer "It's true. Our logged coordinates are on the other side of the galaxy right now."
smatt "See? I would never deceive you guys. We old Snake Hawks need to look out for each other."
"Jennica rolls her eyes."
smatt "Alright, now that our business has concluded, I'm going to have a drink."
smatt "Let me know when you're done playing hero with the robot Moze. I've got lots more work where that came from."
m "Goodbye Sav."
smatt "Think about it."
"Matticus winks before the screen powers off."
engineer "Well at least we have some breathing room."
engineer "Ama won't trouble us for the foreseeable future."
pilot "I suppose. The Ama we ran with won't chase red herrings for long."
m "Agreed. We ought to keep an eye out."
m "Anything else to report?"
engineer "All systems are functional Captain."
pilot "Steady as she goes cap."
m "Good. I'll be in my quarters."
"I move to leave the briefing room when I feel a tug on my sleeve."
mac "May I ask a question?"
m "Of course MAC."
mac "I do not know how to feel about our mission. Why did we need to help the skeeve Matticus?"

outlawepiloguechoice

choice 1 - doing bad things now sometimes can let us do good later

m "Sometimes we have to do bad things so that we can do better things later."
mac "But our conduct hurt innocent people. Does that not make us skeeves?"
m "I don't know MAC. The universe is more complicated than that."
m "If we didn't help Matticus, we might've gotten caught. And then a lot more innocent people would be hurt."
mac "I see. The universe is confusing."
m "Agreed."

choice 2 - the universe is bad, and we can only save people if we're alive

m "Because that skeeve was able to keep us safe."
mac "But our conduct hurt innocent people. Does that not make us skeeves?"
m "Maybe? But there are much worse people out there than us or skeeves like Matticus."
m "If we didn't help him, they might find us. And then a lot more innocent people will get hurt."
mac "I see. The universe is confusing."
m "No kidding."
