(Insert at line 178, replacing lines 181-184)

"But Teresa's also got a point, we aren't exactly spoilt for choice."
"Better the devil you know eh?"


minor player choice 1 - We don't have a choice.

m "I understand the concern. But we don't really have another option."
m "We don't have to trust him, I certainly don't."
m "But we can't afford to be picky with our contacts."

minor player choice 1 - We can trust rational self interest.

m "We don't need to trust him, per se..."
m "We just need to trust his greed and selfishness."
m "Have you ever known Matticus to turn down something that benefits him?"


"A look of begrudging acceptance flashes across Jennica's face."
pilot "Fair enough. So what's the plan?"

______


(Insert at line 203, replacing line 204)

mac "Who is this \"Skeeve?\""
engineer "Savlian Matticus. He was in our old crew."
pilot "He certainly landed on his feet since we disbanded."
engineer "Yeah, he's been remarkably successful for a magistrate of a tiny frontier planet."
mac "He is abusing his authority for personal gain?"

minor player choice 2 - Yeah he's a scumbag.

m "Yeah. He always did have a uh... flexible moral compass."
pilot "So flexible it's like water. Fills any container."
m "I wouldn't be surprised if this isn't even his main palace."
pilot "Yeah. Bet he has a ranch or something on the other side of the planet."
engineer "You think someone who has the money to spend on a ranch would buy one on Gibian V?"
"Jennica looks puzzled for a moment."
pilot "I aint given much thought to it I guess."

minor player choice 2 - He's sketchy but he's our sketchy.

m "Probably. It comes with the territory."
m "He's just trying to survive."
pilot "Mighty successful surviving he's doing."
m "That's part of the deal. He needs to flaunt his wealth or his underlings might get ideas."
engineer "True. If they see weakness they might try to usurp him."
pilot "Of course. He's stealing and profiting so nobly."
"Jennica rolls her eyes."


pilot "Alright, so it'll be easy to find him. What's the deal with the customs depot?"
engineer "Seems typical for a small planet. Standard issue scanners from half a decade ago."
engineer "Shouldn't be too much of a problem to fool them."


______

(within customs choice marshall route)
(Insert at line 322, replacing lines 323-338)

"Teresa nods to us. Let's do this."

minor choice 3 - Smile and look him in the eyes.

"As I approach the customs officer, his eyes perk up."
agent1 "Hello Maam. How might I assist you today?"

minor choice 3a - You're such a hard worker!

m "You strike me as a hard worker sir. 
agent1 "Excuse me?"
"He seems a little confused."
m "It seems like this whole place is propped up by you eh?"
"His eyes relax as he begins to get what I'm saying."
agent1 "You don't know the half of it." 
agent1 "I've been working back to back shifts this whole week!" 
m "Really?! That doesn't sit right with me."
m "Not one bit."


minor choice 3a - You look overworked.

m "Man they really have you guys stretched thin eh?"
agent1 "Excuse me?"
"He's a little confused."
m "You guys are so understaffed, this is ridiculous!"
m "How can they expect you to work like this!?"
"He seems to be getting what I'm saying"
agent1 "Yeah it's bogus."
agent1 "Night shift quit on us so now I'm stuck picking up the slack."
m "Yeah that {b}is{/b} bogus."
m "You deserve a bonus."


minor choice 3 - Ring the bell.

"I ring the bell on his desk."
"DING"
"He's instantly jolted out of his stupor, looking bewildered."
"In his panic, I notice a wedding band on his ring finger."
agent1 "GAAH!"
m "Sorry bout that!"
"His face begins to relax"
agent1 "No it's my fault. How can I assist you today?"

minor choice 3b - How long has this shift been?

m "Man, you look exhausted."
agent1 "Excuse me?"
"He's a little confused. And annoyed."
m "How many hours have they got you working this shift?"
agent1 "Ugh. Like 16?"
agent1 "Nightshift quit the other day, I have to pick up his hours until we can find someone new."
m "No overtime I assume?"
agent1 "Overtime?"
m "Really?! That doesn't sit right with me."
"His eyes relax as he finally understands what I'm saying"

minor choice 3b - You got kids?

m "You got kids?"
agent1 "Excuse me?"
"He's confused, and a little annoyed."
m "Sorry I just noticed your ring."
agent1 "Oh. Sorry, yeah got a daughter. She's 4."
"He pulls out a picture and shows me."
m "Ahhhhhhh. Cute!"
"He smiles."
agent1 "Yeah, she's my world."
m "She deserves nice things eh?"
"He's still a little confused."
m "Especially from such a hard working dad!"
"His eyes relax as he finally clues in."


"A smirk begins to spread across his face."
agent1 "I do appreciate that."
m "I wouldn't be able to sleep if I didn't make it right."
"I extend my hand to shake his, slipping him a 100 credit note."
"He quickly slips it into his pocket before looking around the depot at his fellow employees."
agent1 "Wait by the breakroom for me."

_____

(Insert at line 542, replacing lines 543-545)


smatt "What a delightful surprise. And you brought Jenn too."
"Jennica silently nods, trying to redirect the smoke away from her face."
smatt "Quite a reunion!"

minor choice 4 - Great to see you.

m "Yeah. Always great to see old friends."
m "Right Jenn?"
"Jennica looks annoyed."
pilot "Yeah. It's been too long Sav."
"Matticus smirks knowingly."
smatt "Oh Jenn. You don't have to lie."

minor choice 4 - Reunion implies a lot.

m "Reunion implies that we were united at one point."
smatt "Ice cold as always Moze!"
smatt "Yknow, I miss this banter. I've missed you guys."
pilot "Really?"
"Matticus smirks and looks at Jennica."
smatt "No."


"Matticus takes a long drag on his cigar before looking at me expectantly. The fake smile fades from his face."
smatt "...So? I assume you didn't come all this way to reminisce about the good ol' days."

_____

(Insert at line 561, replacing lines 562-571)

"Matticus' guards spring into action and draw their weapons."
"MAC sheepishly opens the crate lid and pokes his head out."
smatt "Who's this?"

minor choice 5 - What we stole from bigcorp.

m "He's what was in that facility."
"Matticus approaches MAC, looking him over."
smatt "Neat. So how much you figure it's worth?"
smatt "bigcorp's burning money to get it back, must be something important."


minor choice 5 - Nunyabizness.

m "None of your business."
"Matticus looks back at me, one eyebrow raised."
smatt "Oh really?"
smatt "Looks like a courier bot..."
"Matticus looks back at MAC."
smatt "But they don't talk like {i}that{/i}."
smatt "What're a couple of outlaws doing with something like this?"


m "We're just looking to get him to the Dragonflies."
"Matticus' eyes widen. His voice takes on a singsong quality."
smatt "Moze! You've gone soft!"
smatt "I never figured you for a tenderhearted philanthropist!"
"Jennica rolls her eyes."

____

(Insert at line 588, replacing until 595)

pilot "What's in the shipment?"
"Matticus continues to smirk as he takes another long drag off his cigar."
smatt "It's not important."
pilot "I don't care for that answer one bit."
smatt "You'll have to learn to like it, or you'll find out what Deadeye's got planned for you."
engineer "That's a reasonable point Captain."

minor choice 6 - Why are you so cagey?

m "What aren't you telling us?"
"Matticus smirks at me."
smatt "Any number of things really."
m "Don't play dumb. Why are you being so sketchy about what's in the shipment?"
"A twinge of anger passes through Matticus' face for a moment."
smatt "Since when do you care?"
smatt "Awful late in the game to start thinking about details like that."
"Matticus' anger subsides, his smug facade is back up."
smatt "Besides. Where else are you gonna go?"
smatt "You're not out here because you've got options."
"I turn to Jennica."
m "He's not wrong."

minor choice 6 - Trying to screw us over?

m "Seems suspicious Sav. What are you trying to pull here?"
"Matticus smirks at me."
smatt "Moze! After all our time together..."
m "After all our time together I know you well enough to know when you're hiding something."
smatt "So what if I am?" 
smatt "Look, if I really wanted to turn you in, don't you think I'd have done it by now?"
pilot "You might yet."
"Matticus chuckles."
smatt "You think I want the inspectors poking around my operation?"
smatt "Besides. Where else are you gonna go?"
smatt "You're not out here because you've got options."
"I turn to Jennica."
m "He's not wrong."


m "What alternatives do we have Jenn?"
"Jennica reluctantly agrees."

___

(Insert at line 613)

"Matticus looks at me impatiently."
smatt "Don't waste my time. Do we have a deal?"


minor choice 7 - Deal.

"Guess we don't have much choice."
m "On your honor as a Snakehawk?"
"Matticus chuckles to himself."
smatt "How nostalgic."
smatt "On my honor."


minor choice 7 - Wait this still seems sketchy.

"This still seems fishy."
m "Wait. This all seems too good to be true."
smatt "Things aren't always what they seem Moze."
smatt "Besides, I'm done with this haggling. Do you want to work together or not?"


minor choice 7a - Fine. Deal.

"Guess we don't have much choice."
m "On your honor as a Snakehawk?"
"Matticus chuckles to himself."
smatt "How nostalgic."
smatt "On my honor."


minor choice 7a - Keep asking questions.

m "I can't help but feel like you're manipulating us."
smatt "Feelings lie Moze."
"Matticus rolls his eyes."
smatt "I don't have time for this. Take the deal or get lost."
engineer "Captain we really can't afford to get caught."
"Guess we don't have much choice."


m "Alright. Deal."
smatt "Good. My pointman Reginald will brief and supervise."

_____

(Insert at line 621)

smatt "I'll see you ladies later. It's been lovely catching up."

minor choice 8 - Bye.

m "Later Sav."

minor choice 8 - Piss off.

m "Get bent you ugly warthog."
"Jennica chuckles."
engineer "Mature."


"Matticus waves as he leaves the warehouse."







